Restrict PR review workflow to collaborators (#65)
OpenHands/skills: plugins/pr-review/README.md

PR reviews are automatically triggered when:

> 1. A new non-draft PR is opened by a collaborator (author association: `COLLABORATOR`, `MEMBER`, or `OWNER`)

Author: ```suggestion
1. A new non-draft PR is opened by a collaborator (same repository branches)
```

PR reviews are automatically triggered when:

1. A new non-draft PR is opened by a collaborator (author association: `COLLABORATOR`, `MEMBER`, or `OWNER`)
2. A draft PR is marked as ready for review by a collaborator
3. The `review-this` label is added by a user with **write (or higher)** permission
4. `openhands-agent` or `all-hands-bot` is requested as a reviewer by a user with **write (or higher)** permission

### Requesting a Review

Only users with **write (or higher)** permission can trigger a review.

> In this workflow, the **triggering user** is `github.actor`: the account that performed the action that started the run (e.g. the person who added the `review-this` label or requested the reviewer) — not necessarily the PR author.

Author: Yes, but that would be too verbose for a workflow, and we already added a comment saying precisely that the triggering author is the account that added the review-this label or requested the reviewer.

**Option 1: Request as Reviewer**
1. Open the PR
2. Click **Reviewers** in the sidebar

> 3. Select `openhands-agent` (or `all-hands-bot`) as a reviewer

Author: ```suggestion
3. Select `openhands-agent` as a reviewer
```
